c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\Hotel_Project.exe.config
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\Hotel_Project.exe
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\Hotel_Project.pdb
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.g.resources
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.exe
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.pdb
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\анатолий\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\UsersWindows\UsersWindow.baml
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\UsersWindows\UsersWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\AddHotelWindow.baml
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\AddHotelWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\ReviseHotels.baml
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\ReviseHotels.g.cs
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\AddRoomWindow.baml
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\AddRoomWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\PaymentWindows\PaymentWindow.baml
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\PaymentWindows\PaymentWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\FreeRoomWindow.baml
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\FreeRoomWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\ReviseRoomsWindow.baml
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\ReviseRoomsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Анатолий\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\Hotel_Project.exe.config
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.exe
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.pdb
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\Hotel_Project.exe
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\Hotel_Project.pdb
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\AddHotelWindow.baml
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\ReviseHotels.baml
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\PaymentWindows\PaymentWindow.baml
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\AddRoomWindow.baml
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\FreeRoomWindow.baml
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\ReviseRoomsWindow.baml
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\UsersWindows\UsersWindow.baml
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\AddHotelWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\ReviseHotels.g.cs
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\PaymentWindows\PaymentWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\AddRoomWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\FreeRoomWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\ReviseRoomsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\UsersWindows\UsersWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.g.resources
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Юлька\Desktop\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\Hotel_Project.exe.config
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\Hotel_Project.exe
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\Hotel_Project.pdb
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\AddHotelWindow.baml
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\ReviseHotels.baml
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\PaymentWindows\PaymentWindow.baml
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\AddRoomWindow.baml
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\FreeRoomWindow.baml
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\ReviseRoomsWindow.baml
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\UsersWindows\UsersWindow.baml
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\AddHotelWindow.g.cs
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\HotelsWindows\ReviseHotels.g.cs
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\PaymentWindows\PaymentWindow.g.cs
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\AddRoomWindow.g.cs
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\FreeRoomWindow.g.cs
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\RoomsWindows\ReviseRoomsWindow.g.cs
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\View\UsersWindows\UsersWindow.g.cs
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.g.resources
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.exe
D:\Diploma\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\Hotel_Project\obj\Debug\Hotel_Project.pdb
